It can't be. Lon overwhelmed
Mystvearn himself.
Yet against this,
his blade...
It doesn't work.
Zaboera: Of course it doesn't.
He's in there?
The body of this
Superior Being Zombie
absorbs any impact...
And no weapon in this
realm can pierce its hide.
It's truly invincible!
[malicious chuckle]
My mind is a terrifying
thing, isn't it?
It certainly is
the mind of a demon.
Never fear, my friends.
This ghoul may
talk a big game,
but we know the weakness of
the Superior Beings.
Do you?
Now, then! Master Br-
I mean, Mr. Beast...
Show this schmuck
what you're made of.
Give him a taste of
your Refractor Fist!
Brokeena: I can't.
Why not?!
Brokeena: The Refractor Fist
overloads an opponent's biology.
It won't work on a zombie
that's already dead.
What?!
You insolent rodent.
It's called an
"upgrade" because
the previous version's
errors have been addressed.
As it turns out, the idea
for this new iteration
came from that very attack.
If it has any weakness at all,
it's that the
external layer may dull
the effects of
my Magic Power...
Zaboera: But if I hide
myself deep inside like so,
I'm able to enchant
every tendon...
And that weakness
disappears altogether!
Listen up - hit him with
magic-based attacks.
Howling Inferno!
Zaboera: Go ahead, you fools.
Such pitiful magic
won't work on me now.
In fact, it barely tickles!
[cackling]
Mystvearn:
That old scoundrel.
I knew he'd reveal his
hand once he was cornered.
And so, now...
[growling]
Crocodine [thought]: Damnit!
In this form, even my
Great Axe has no effect.
Zaboera: You could turn
me into a pin cushion
with every spell
and weapon you've got,
and I'd still be
right as rain.
[victorious cackle]
Zaboera: How breathtaking!
Oh, no. Not again!
Lon Beruk: Give me that.
[roaring]
Zaboera: You're
wasting your time.
Lon Beruk himself
couldn't cut it.
There's no way you humans
will do better than him.
Oh, yeah?
Lon Beruk: Calm yourself.
Unfortunately, I don't
think he's bluffing.
None of your
attacks will work.
But, sir...
In this state,
even my force and speed
couldn't slow him down.
We're completely outmatched.
There's nothing
we can do here.
Although...
If we had an ultimate weapon
that was able to channel
even more force and speed...
then, maybe...
I see. You mean like
the sword you made for Dai?
Zaboera: Now that I
won't be interrupted,
allow me to get rid of
that silly Magic Circle.
Bowson: Stay back,
Your Majesty!
Zaboera: Of course it's you.
I'm the only one who
can fight you hand to hand,
and I won't let you
touch that circle.
Zaboera: So persistent...
but you're too puny and
weak to do a thing.
Zaboera: I suppose it's
only fitting - after all,
this must be how
I appeared to you.
Zaboera: It feels
truly magnificent
to be the bigger one for once.
Commandos! That's our cue!
Let's get Crocodine
out of that headlock!
We'll have to make
do with what we've got.
It's all over if he gets
to the magic circle.
We have to stop him.
It's why we're here.
The hero and the others
are counting on us.
So it's time for
us to unite...
and unleash a power
that rivals Dai's own!
I like your style, but in
theory that's impossible.
Besides, it's like I said:
You don't have a weapon
that can defeat him.
Nova [thought]: A weapon...
A weapon that can defeat him?
There must be something...
That's it.
Nova?
Nova: We do have a weapon...
We have my life force.
Your life force...
You crazy?
Haven't we been over this?
When you gamble your
life to win a battle,
it's practically
guaranteed...
you'll die in vain.
I'm not throwing
it away pointlessly.
I'm using it as a weapon.
It's the only thing we've
got left that might be
powerful enough
to take him down.
But how?
You've seen it.
A blade won't work.
Nova: Not a normal sword.
Nova...
Nova: Here we go...
This is all we can do.
If we lose, the odds
won't matter anyway.
[roaring]
Lady Amy [thought]:
Look at his face.
That attack is draining his
life right before our eyes.
At this rate, he...
Bowson: Enough!
Don't do this!
Lon Beruk [thought]: He's
conjured a Life Blade?
This ought to put
a notch in that hide.
If I manage to expose
Zaboera for even a moment,
it gives us a shot...
it gives us a chance to drag
him out of that abomination.
Lon Beruk: Sorry, kid.
I can't let you do this.
Out of my way.
Forget it. I'm impressed
with your bravery...
except I can't
ignore my conscience
and let you use an attack...
that is destined to fail.
Lon Beruk: I can tell.
It won't be enough.
Even with that Life Blade,
the damage you inflict
will be minimal at best.
I hate to break it to you...
But the power to
pierce that armor...
and expose Zaboera
is beyond you. Alright?
Now, extinguish the blade
before it's too late.
If you conjure
it for much longer,
it'll drain what
energy remains in you.
Doesn't matter... if it does.
Nova: To be honest,
I don't believe I'll win
with a single blow.
But a Life Blade
cannot be broken,
and as for the
damage it can do...
I'm just gonna have to hit
this coward again and again.
Eventually, one
of us will fall.
And if I can leave even a
single scratch in his armor,
that's good enough for me.
Nova - you'd be dying in vain.
Not in vain.
This way, even if I die,
I'll still be leaving you
all with a chance to live.
I used to call myself a Hero,
someone who helped others -
no matter the cost.
It's time for me
to act like one.
A Hero?
What's the matter, Nova?
Nova: Ah, nothing...
It's just... You're...
You're so much more
powerful than I am.
Honestly, I've been
so full of myself,
thinking I'd actually be
able to compete with you.
Between the two of us,
it's clear that
you're the real Hero.
Jealousy got the better of me.
Forgive me. Dai Please.
Water under the bridge, buddy.
And you know,
a difference in strength isn't
that big of a deal, either.
It's not like there's a rule
that says a Hero has to be
the strongest
person in the world.
That wouldn't make any sense.
Then what exactly is it that
makes a person a real Hero?
Nova: Okay, never mind.
Sorry. Maybe that's
a difficult question.
Well, I'm not really
sure what it is...
But I do know that it's not
about who's stronger or braver.
Don't stress about it;
it's only a title.
Maybe that's all it is.
Everybody calls me the Hero.
But back in your homeland,
people call you the Hero of
the North, don't they?
Yeah?
Dai: There you go.
Isn't that enough?
I think it might
be that simple.
If I'm helping others,
and you're helping others,
then what's stopping us?
I say we're both Heroes.
[chuckling]
Nova [thought]:
Thank you, Dai.
For giving me the boost
in confidence I needed...
For rekindling my spirit.
Nova [thought]: That's it.
That's the answer.
Nova: It doesn't matter
what happens to me.
Being a Hero isn't
about winning or losing;
it's about inspiring
courage in others -
helping them get
through hard times.
Nova: Even if I don't
make it out of this...
Even if all I can leave you
with is a small chance...
If it inspires those who
remain to pick up their arms
and fight until our foe is
vanquished, then it's worth it.
I'm not as strong as Dai...
but that doesn't mean
I can't also be a Hero.
Bowson [thought]: My son...
Selfishness used to
get the better of you.
But you've grown.
You've grown so much.
Nova: Your Majesty,
I'll leave the rest to you.
When I'm gone, sound the call.
Tell everyone to
follow my attack.
[roaring]
Hold on!
Nova!
[charging roar]
Nova: [shocked gasp]
That's enough. You
can relax now, Nova.
W-Why? Why would you do this?
I'll admit it,
until this moment,
I didn't think
that much of you.
However, you've
proven me wrong.
I'm impressed with what
you're willing to give up.
I just can't let you
go through with it
Lon Beruk: Our blood may run in
different colors, but still.
It seems we value
our allies above all.
Lon... we have to act.
Lon Beruk: Indeed.
If a life must be spent,
it might as well be mine.
Lon Beruk: I've already lived
at least ten times
longer than you.
If I possessed the sort of
follow-through that you have,
I imagine I could've
defeated our enemy
on the very first strike.
The time has come...
I summon the ultimate weapon
I've dedicated
my life to creating!
Zaboera: What? No!
Wh... What is that thing?
Crocodine: C-Could it be...
another monster?
Everyone - back.
Watch yourselves.
Nova [thought]: Is... Is that
the ultimate superweapon?
Zaboera: Don't you get it?
It doesn't matter what
kind of force you unleash.
Nothing compares to
the might of my
Superior Being Zombie.
Zaboera: I'll shatter
that little rock
into a million pieces
before you can use it.
Zaboera: What? My blades?!
It can't be...
Unless... There must
be something with
unbelievable power hidden
within that hunk of stone.
Well, thanks.
You're a real help.
Lon Beruk: You saved me
the trouble of opening it.
A pair of swords?
Double trouble...
Lon Beruk: That's right.
I call them...
the Star Emperor Swords!
All: Star Emperor?!
Nova [thought]:
So these two blades are
his ultimate weapons?
I thought they'd be bigger...
Zaboera: "The Star
Emperor Swords"?
You snob. What a
pretentious name!
Lon Beruk: I spent over
a century designing them,
and I've poured in every
ounce of my skill...
To create these weapons.
Weapons that were designed
to only be used by me.
Zaboera [thought]:
Dual-wielding?
Nova [thought]: Look
at that intensity...
But will they work against
Zaboera's creation?
They just look like a pair
of clumsy long swords to me.
Zaboera [thought]:
If they're only swords,
it doesn't matter
how strong they are,
or how hard he strikes.
Zaboera: I have
nothing to fear!
W-Why, you...
[chuckling]
Ah, now I understand.
You boast about these swords,
but the truth is...
you're uncertain
of their strength.
[cackling]
Yes... You're scared,
aren't you?
Zaboera [thought]:
He... He must be...
Lon Beruk: Of
course I'm scared.
Terrified, even.
Only, it's not because
I doubt their strength...
It's because I know they
will overwhelm me.
Zaboera: What?!
Lon Beruk: I'll only
swing each of these blades
a single time.
Left and right -
one strike apiece.
And when I do... even I
won't be left unscathed.
[sputtering]
Lon Beruk: That's why
I'm making sure that
this attack will hit you.
It'll quarter you
like a piece of fruit.
So here it comes.
The most powerful, Lon Beruk
Style sword-technique...
[furious shriek]
Star Emperor Cross Slash!
Zaboera: Well, look at that.
It's precisely the sort
of damage I expected.
Nothing! Not even one scratch!
Now, I'm going to -
[shrieking]
[defeated roar]
Lon Beruk: Enjoy
the parting gift.
You can brag about
taking a direct hit
from the Cross Slash
in the afterlife.
It worked...
[cheering]
[gasp]
[pained groan]
Something's wrong!
Are you all right?
What happened to your arms?
Yikes. Looks painful.
I... I did it again.
"Again"?
I had a feeling
this would happen.
The Star Emperor Cross Slash
carries such a force...
that when I use it, even
my finest swords shatter
from the impact -
my bones, too.
You see, nearly
two hundred years ago,
when I first unleashed it,
I lost the use of
my arms like this.
The attack is simply
too extraordinary
for any mortal
being to wield.
The moment I tried
to perform it,
I was overwhelmed
by the blast
and the same
thing happened...
Just as you've witnessed.
Back then, I cursed the
shortcomings of my weapons
more than my own abilities.
So I decided to
become a weaponsmith,
and vowed to create
something that could withstand
the use of my full strength.
That's how the Star
Emperor Swords came to be.
But they never became
more than prototypes.
In hindsight,
I should have completed
the work on them long
before this battle.
Ever since I forged
the Sword of Dai,
I've put aside
my personal projects
to focus on
helping his party.
Perhaps the reason I worked so
hard forging that blade...
was because I'd experienced
the frustration of being
too strong to wield
an average weapon myself.
Then, you mean that
all of this time...
You've been holding back on what
you're really capable of....
Because you knew
if you didn't,
you would only end
up destroying yourself?
Nova: And even
still... for me...
for all these people
you barely know...
you used an
incomplete superweapon,
aware of what
it would cost you?
I told you, kid.
Better than seeing
a Hero like you...
throw away the years
to come - for nothing.
I've only got one
reason to regret it...
and it's that I'm not
going to be able to
make you or the others
any new weapons.
My arms won't heal
for a long while.
Probably not even
in your lifetimes.
Well, then...
Why don't you use my
hands for the time being?
I can be your apprentice
until you recover fully.
I owe you for saving
my life, don't I?
I'll help you repair
the Star Emperor Swords,
and together we can complete
your greatest design.
Nova.
Nova: You're not just
a fearsome warrior -
you're someone
I could look up to.
What do you think?
If you'll let me, I wish to
learn the craft from you.
I think... we'll
start you off easy.
Huh?
Yeah, kid. You mind
opening up a bottle for me?
Sir!
Bowson [thought]:
I'm proud of you, Nova.
I think you're finally
finding your way.
You've found someone you're
willing to see as a Master,
and you have
a path to follow.
This'll be fun.
Well, on second thought,
I guess we're starting
off with showing you
how to open a big-boy bottle.
[laughing]
Zaboera [thought]:
C-Crocodine.
Narrator: With Lon Beruk's
astonishing secret weapon,
the Battle of Loroi Valley
has ended in victory,
but the siege against Vearn
Palace has only begun.
While the others
explore the castle,
Hyunckel is overwhelmed by
the endless horde of
Underworld monsters...
Until a rival makes
a surprising return,
mowing down the beasts
and demanding a rematch.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Survivor From Hell".